# # WhatsappTemplateComponent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **string** | **Required.** Template component type. - &#x60;BODY&#x60;: Body components are text-only components and are required by all templates. Templates are limited to one body component. - &#x60;HEADER&#x60;: Headers are optional components that appear at the top of template messages. Headers support text, media (images, videos, documents). Templates are limited to one header component. - &#x60;FOOTER&#x60;: Footers are optional text-only components that appear immediately after the body component. Templates are limited to one footer component. - &#x60;BUTTONS&#x60;: Buttons are optional interactive components that perform specific actions when tapped. - &#x60;LIMITED_TIME_OFFER&#x60;: Use for limited-time offer templates. The delivered message can display an offer expiration details section with a heading, an optional expiration timer, and the offer code itself. - &#x60;CAROUSEL&#x60;: Carousel templates allow you to send a single text message (1), accompanied by a set of up to 10 carousel cards (2) in a horizontally scrollable view. | [optional]
**format** | **string** | **Required for type &#x60;HEADER&#x60;.** | [optional]
**text** | **string** | For body text (type &#x3D; &#x60;BODY&#x60;), maximum 1024 characters. For header text (type &#x3D; &#x60;HEADER&#x60;, format &#x3D; &#x60;TEXT&#x60;), maximum 60 characters. For footer text (type &#x3D; &#x60;FOOTER&#x60;), maximum 60 characters. For card body text (&#x60;CAROUSEL&#x60; card component type &#x3D; &#x60;BODY&#x60;), maximum 160 characters. | [optional]
**buttons** | [**\YCloud\Client\Model\WhatsappTemplateComponentButton[]**](WhatsappTemplateComponentButton.md) | **Required for type &#x60;BUTTONS&#x60;.** Buttons are optional interactive components that perform specific actions when tapped. Templates can have a mixture of up to 10 button components total, although there are limits to individual buttons of the same type as well as combination limits. If a template has more than three buttons, two buttons will appear in the delivered message and the remaining buttons will be replaced with a **See all options** button. Tapping the **See all options** button reveals the remaining buttons. | [optional]
**add_security_recommendation** | **bool** | **Optional. Only applicable in the &#x60;BODY&#x60; component of an AUTHENTICATION template.** Set to &#x60;true&#x60; if you want the template to include the string, *For your security, do not share this code.* Set to &#x60;false&#x60; to exclude the string. | [optional]
**code_expiration_minutes** | **int** | **Optional. Only applicable in the &#x60;FOOTER&#x60; component of an AUTHENTICATION template.** Indicates number of minutes the password or code is valid. If omitted, the code expiration warning will not be displayed in the delivered message. Minimum 1, maximum 90. | [optional]
**limited_time_offer** | [**\YCloud\Client\Model\WhatsappTemplateComponentLimitedTimeOffer**](WhatsappTemplateComponentLimitedTimeOffer.md) |  | [optional]
**example** | [**\YCloud\Client\Model\WhatsappTemplateComponentExample**](WhatsappTemplateComponentExample.md) |  | [optional]
**cards** | [**\YCloud\Client\Model\WhatsappTemplateComponentCard[]**](WhatsappTemplateComponentCard.md) | **Required for type &#x60;CAROUSEL&#x60;.** Carousel templates support up to 10 carousel cards. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
